title: About
order: 5
icon: icon-link2
summary: Contact and legal notice
slug: about
date: 2018-03-29
modified: 2018-04-10
lang: en

## Contact

	Mail: ob7@ird.fr
	Address: Avenue Jean Monnet - 34203 Sète Cedex - France
	
## Legal Notice

### Publisher

Observatory of Tropical Pelagic Ecosystems exploited is a website published by Ob7 and published under the direction of Pascal Bach (Head of Ob7). The entire site, pages and contents, is the property of Ob7. For more information, visit: http://www.ob7.ird.fr.

	Webmaster : Julien Lebranchu.
	Ob7, Observatory of Tropical Pelagic Ecosystems exploited
	Responsable de l’Ob7 : Pascal Bach
	Address : Avenue Jean Monnet - 34203 Sète Cedex - France

### Hosting

The web site www.ob7.ird.fr is hosted by the IRD.

	IRD, Institut de recherche pour le développement
	Siège : 44, boulevard de Dunkerque, CS 90009 - 13572 Marseille cedex 02 - France
	
###	About the site

The pages and the contents of this website are generated by the Pelican software, distributed under license GNU / GPL (General Public License). You can use it freely to build your own website. For more information, visit: getpelican.com.

The theme is adapted from **Marble** created by [Claudio Walser](https://github.com/claudio-walser)  available under the [CC BY 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) license.

### Limitation of responsibility

The Ob7 checks the exactness of the spread information and updates regularly the site. However, Ob7 can not guarantee all the published information is exact, exhaustive and updated. The information has no contractual character and are subject to modification without advance notice.

The update of the information supplied by the users and the contributors is generally made as soon as possible, but can be delayed by reasons or diverse constraints. The errors, the omissions, the out-of-date information and the broken links can be indicated in ob7@ird.fr.

During the consultation of the site, the user besides has to make sure that his browser does not contain out-of-date pages - and has to, if need be, empty or deactivate the cache memory.


#### Hypertext links

Portals and sites of the IRD propose links towards other sites in touch with their contents. The presence of hypertext links towards other Web sites does not imply the approval of the information by the IRD. The risks bound to the use of these sites fall to the user.